{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;\red253\green148\blue9;
\red202\green202\blue202;\red109\green109\blue109;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\csgray\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c64706\c0;
\cssrgb\c83137\c83137\c83137;\cssrgb\c50196\c50196\c50196;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh12340\viewkind1
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 l\'e9o serriere\
2023\
\
portfolio\
description text\
\

\f1\b \page books\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 	recanting em\ulnone \
\
cyclical reading. \
where the ends leads back to the beginning.\
inspired by 18th century plate illustrations. \
made using a brother copier. \
\
the text and the drawings moving at different pace. \
\
\ul 	glad\ulnone \
\
wherein every choice was the nice one.\
a story without conflict. what would it look like?\
kindness based story-telling.\
\
the square shape of the book echoes the content.\
as well allows for each spread, the possibility of a landscape. \
\
\ul 	nyc tap\ulnone \
\
meeting in the middle. \
two stories of growth. \
both speculating two kinds of inevitabilities.\
\
a t\'eate b\'eache book.\
\
\ul 	dormir droit: sommeil de gaucher\ulnone \
\
a series of satellite views.\
snapshots that record the turns and tosses.\
laid out from the center outward. \
\
wrapped in a morning sky cover.\
\
\ul 	summer so&so\ulnone \
\
many smaller books. \
brought together by their common intent.\
small drawings, unbothered.\
\
little sketchbooks putting a nice time to task.
\f1\b \page design
\f0\b0 \
\
\ul posters\ulnone \
\
my latest poster series.\
\
\ul covers\ulnone \
\
cover design for les \'e9ditions mmyope\
\
\ul packaging\ulnone \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa259\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
packaging design done while at ceftandcompany.\uc0\u8232 for 1906 new highs.\uc0\u8232 \u8232 inherited project and systems and participated in the development of their range of cbd tins and pouches.\u8232 \u8232 worked on finalizing mechanicals, selecting materials, and assisting agency's creative director, Ucef Hanjani, in concept for 1906's ecom "microdose", generic, RSO, rosin packaging.\cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ul \ulc0 prints\ulnone \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 lithography prints, this series done for my family.\strokec6 \
\strokec5 made in an effort to express years of love and tenderness.\strokec6 \
\strokec5 using my trusty fish to frame these thoughts.\
\strokec6 \
\strokec5 using vinyl plotters, acid etching, tusche, and garamond to print five single-impression stones.
\f2 \cf5 \cb1 \

\f0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ul \ulc0 systems\ulnone \
\
case studies of the various systems designed for les editions mmyope.
\f1\b \page videos
\f0\b0 \
\
\ul alphabet by the city\ulnone \
\
\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 \page website
\f0\b0 \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ul \ulc0 mmope.com\ulnone \
\
\ul alfaone.com\ulnone \
\
\ul tomorrowstarted.com\ulnone \
\
\ul mock\ulnone \
\
\ul non-profit\ulnone \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 \
\
}